Mr. Shen, he said that the Ye family will have a banquet tomorrow
Invite me to come with you
How exciting!
No sleep at night
At my doorstep
Invite my fiancee to a dinner party
Your fiancee
Aren't you already engaged to the Ye family?
Xiao Qiao, you can't be deceived by this kind of person
Tie yourself up
Xiao Qiao, you can tell me if you have any difficulties.
I can help you.
You don't have to compromise.
With this kind of person
You need him to save your life
Help him with what?
Oops ok
I have no trouble
He is not engaged to the Ye family either
This is a misunderstanding.
I know you don't like night scenes
But for grandma
Please bear with me.
I'll go to the party by myself tomorrow night
None of you need to come with me
Remember not to show up tomorrow
I'm afraid Ye Zhen will suspect
We'll provoke him then.
He then made some other means to grandma
That would be troublesome
The Empress may also appear nearby tomorrow
You keep staring around
OK, I see.
Is there a problem?
It's a promise then.
I read that right?
Miss Su still has a reason to come to the dinner party